On Saturday morning, it was quite warm and beautiful.
Ron Stewart, a doctor without formal education,
who got up very early in the morning,
entered his office at 8 o'clock.

He took out an old skeleton model, which was still covered in plastic wrap.
He then took out an array of instruments, which he arranged a particular order,
as if they were being displayed in a museum.
He wore a kaki t-shirt,
which was a bit stained,
and his jeans were held by a belt.
He was an upright and tall man, looking like someone who did not know what is going on around him,
as if he could not hear anything.
When he arranged all the things on the table,
he pulled his drill toward the skeleton, sat down, and began cleaning its white bones.
It seemed as if he is not concentrated on his work, but he progressed bit-by-bit,
pumping the drill every now and then, more often than necessary.
After 10 o'clock he took a short pause to watch the clouds through his window,
and he noticed three quite crows that were sunbathing on the telegraph wire on the other side of the street.
He then continued working, thinking that before long it would start to rain.
The loud voice of his eleven-year-old daughter awoke him from his thoughts.
"Daddy."
"What is it?"
"The Deputy Sheriff would like to know if you'll fix his leg."
"Tell him I'm not available."
He was polishing the bones of the arms.
He held them in front of him, and examined them with his eyes half closed.
His daughter shouted again from the little waiting room.
"He says you are available, because he can hear you work."
The doctor kept looking at the bones.
Only after he had put them on his desk, feeling that his work is done, he answered:
"Even better."
He turned on the drill once more.
He took a few pieces of plaster out of a box in which he kept the stuff and began to mend the bones.
"Daddy."
"Yes?"
He had still kept the same look on his face.
"He says that if you don't fix his leg, he is going to hurt you."
Without any sense of urgency,
with very slow movements, the doctor stopped using the drill,
placed it on the desk, and pulled the top drawer of his desk all the way out.
There was a gun there.
"Alright," he said. "You can tell the Sheriff to come in here, and hurt me."
He moved chair to the door, and rested his hand in the drawer.
The Sheriff entered the room.
He was limping with his left leg, but the other leg was swollen and he dragged it behind him.
The doctor saw desperation in his tired eyes. He then closed the drawer and quietly said:
"Please sit."
"Good day," said the Sheriff.
"Good day," replied the dentist.
While the instruments were being prepared,
the Sheriff put his leg on the bed, and he felt better already.
His breath was cold. It was a cheap room: an wooden bed, the old pedal drill,
a glass case with tools for surgery.
Opposite of the bed was a window with a long curtain.
When the Sheriff felt the doctor's approach,
he braced himself and closed his mouth.
Ron Stewart turned his leg toward the lamp.
After inspecting the broken leg, he put the Sheriff's leg back to the table
with a cautious press of his hands.
"It will need to be done without anesthesia," he said.
"Why is that?"
"Because it could infect otherwise."
The Sheriff looked him in the eyes.
"All right," he said, and faked a smile.
The doctor was serious and did not return the smile.
He brought a bucket of sterilized tools to the desk,
and took the tools out of the water with rubber gloves, still without any urgency.
Then he pushed the trashcan with the tip of his foot,
and started washing his hands in the basin.
He did all of this without giving the Sheriff a look.
But the Sheriff did not take his eyes off him at all.
The wound was below the knee.
The doctor spread his feet and grasped the leg with the hot forceps.
The Sheriff seized the sides of the bed, braced his arms with all the strength he had,
and felt an icy pain in his kidneys, but he did not yell even slightly.
The doctor moved only his forearms. Without any anger, rather with a tender bitterness, he told him:
"Now you will pay back for our fifteen dead people."
The Sheriff felt the crunch of the bones in his leg, and tears went down his cheeks.
But he did not breathe until he felt that the leg was back in place.
Then he saw what is going on, through his tears.
It seemed so distant due to his pain that he failed to realize his torment of the five previous days.
He bent over the trashcan, breathing heavily, he unbuttoned his shirt and
he reached for the paper towel on the desk. The doctor gave him a clean one.
"Remove the tears from your face," he commanded.
The Sheriff did that. He was shaking. While the doctor was washing his hands,
he saw the old ceiling and a dusty wall full of mold.
The doctor returned, while still drying his hands.
"Go to bed," he said, "lie down and keep the leg still."
The Sheriff stood up, said goodbye without any emotion,
and limped toward the exit, stretching his arms, without buttoning up his shirt.
"Send me the bill," he said.
"To you or to the town?"
The Sheriff didn't look at him. He closed the door and said from the other side:
"It's the same one way or the other."